My story
Hello World ! My name is Areli G. Esquivel the G stands for Getsemani,but the majority of the people don't know how to pronounce it,so I break it down to "get-some-money". Although I rarely use my middle name, because I hate it when people don't know how to pronounce it the right way. My middle name has pretty cool meaning long story short my mom got it from the Bible because it means where Jesus Christ used to pray.
I am 16 years old and I am currently attending both High School and College.When I was 8 years old I had gotten my first pet which was a puppy. I had named her "Sweety", and yes I still have her ! I play softball for my school as a catcher ,and I started playing since I was in 8th grade. My favorite artists are Kid Cudi and SPM those are the only two artists I listen to the most. There's this quote that keeps me motivated which is "Kill them with success, and bury them with a smile". As I grew up I would start thinking about my future,and as I would see those who serve our country wear those uniform made me wonder if that was something I wanted and yes here we are !

Why am I here ?
When I was in 8th grade they had opened an Early College program in some High Schools and Roosevelt was one of them. The program included both Diploma and Associates degree for graduation. I ended up here because I wanted to try out the program and take advantage of it since a lot of people didn't have this back then.My college pathway is in the IT department.Although I want to join the NAVY once I graduate I am still taking this course to have a back up plan if the NAVY doesn't work out or if I retired I can live off this.When my older sister graduated she told to stay in early college even if it was hard and that everything was going to pay off some day. As I go to El Centro College every Tuesday and Thursday I try to keep up with all my work,so that I don't fall behind or get a low grade. I am also taking this program seriously because I want to major in two things not at the same time but different that way I can have back up plans.I have great professors that are really nice and helpful like my IT professor Mr.Rodriguez and Mrs.Armstrong who are really helpful.
Once I graduate I plan to serve the country and major as a surgeon for the NAVY.Hopefully it turns out well and if not I am going to serve as a technician.In High School I am enrolled in this program named JROTC were they show us and teach us about the military and how to be a better leader,develop leadership skills etc.It is really helpful because they take recruiters from each military branch to come and talk to us. Our Sergeants talk to us about their experience while they were serving the Nation and they also tell us what they think is best for us as options.I am planning to join Naval Academy which is an Academy for the NAVY which located in Annapolis,Maryland(MD).Yes! its Annapolis not Indianapolis.Well that's about it for my future career !
Going out of topic I have a friend named Hazel who I had met my freshman year of High School. We became close friends and since we have the same pathway of IT we help each other out to not fail nor fall behind. She is really nice and she has braces although she looked better with crooked teeth. I am older than her by exactly a month since her birthday is on April the 2 and mines is on March 2. We've shared a lot of fun moments together such as her 15 and some football games.She has a boyfriend named Miguel which plays football that's why she goes to his game.Other than that we are close like sisters and I love her so much !

I love softball
I have a dog
She's my baby !
I'm Mexican
 I am #1
 I am the catcher
 I love Spongebob
